Mentioned that Varnish is enabled by default on Platform.sh and that Fastly users must disable it (#560)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/http_cache.md

    #### Configuration on Platform.sh

    If using Platform.sh, it's best to configure the Fastly credentials via [Platform.sh variables](https://docs.platform.sh/frameworks/ez/fastly.html).

>     You'll also need to [disable Varnish](https://docs.platform.sh/frameworks/ez/fastly.html#remove-varnish-configuration) which is enabled by default on Platform.sh.

Reviewer: `enabled by default on Platform.sh.` => ``
```suggestion
    You'll also need to [disable Varnish](https://docs.platform.sh/frameworks/ez/fastly.html#remove-varnish-configuration) which is enabled by default in provided configuration for Platform.sh.
```
